dynamo-derive/README.md, before:

# dynamo-derive

helper crate for [aws-sdk-dynamodb](https://docs.rs/aws-sdk-dynamodb/latest/aws_sdk_dynamodb/)

Generates conversion codes from rust primitive types to aws dynamo types.

## Examples
```rust
use crab_box_dynamo_derive::Table;

#[tokio::test]
async fn main() {
    #[derive(Table)]
    #[table(table_name = "AwesomeFooTable")]
    struct FooTable<'a> {
        #[table(range_key("N"))]
        index: u64,
        #[table(hash_key("S"))]
        #[table(global_secondary_index(index_name = "foo_index_1", hash_key("S")))]
        name: &'a str,
    }

    let config = aws_config::load_from_env().await;
    let client = Client::new(&config);

    let provisioned_throughput = ProvisionedThroughput::builder()
        .read_capacity_units(10)
        .write_capacity_units(30)
        .build()
        .unwrap();

    let idx_name = "foo_index_1";
    let gsi_key_schemas = FooTable::get_global_secondary_index_key_schemas();
    let gsi_builder = GlobalSecondaryIndex::builder()
        .index_name(idx_name)
        .set_key_schema(Some(gsi_key_schemas.get(idx_name).unwrap().clone()))
        .provisioned_throughput(provisioned_throughput.clone())
        .projection(
            Projection::builder()
                .projection_type(ProjectionType::All)
                .build(),
        )
        .build()
        .unwrap();

    // do some extra works with create_table_builder
    let create_table_builder = FooTable::create_table(client.create_table())
        .global_secondary_indexes(gsi_builder)
        .provisioned_throughput(provisioned_throughput);
    
    let res = create_table_builder.send().await;

    let foo = FooTable {
        index: 1,
        name: "foo",
    };

    // do some extra works with put_item_builder
    let put_item_builder = foo.put_item(client.put_item());
    let _ = put_item_builder.send().await;
}
```

### KeySchemas and AttributeDefinitions
Struct fields decorated with `#[table(range_key("N"))]` adds `ScalarAttributeType::N` AttributionDefinitions
as well as `KeyType::Range` KeySchema. 

Available KeySchema
- `range_key`
- `hash_key`

Available AttributeDefinition
- `"B"`
- `"N"`
- `"S"`

### AttributeValue
- `&str`, `String` -> `S`
- `bool` -> `BOOL`
- `aws_sdk_dynamodb::primitives::Blob` -> `B`
- `i8 | u8 | .. | u128` -> `N`
- for T: String | &str, `Vec<T>`, `[T; 1]`, `&[T]` -> `SS`
- for T: `i8 | u8 | .. | u128`, `Vec<T>`, `[T; 1]`, `&[T]` -> `NS`
- `Option<()>` -> `NULL`
- if T is `Vec<T>` | `[T; 1]` | `&[T]` but not `SS` nor `NS` -> `L`
- `HashMap<String, T>` -> `M`, automatically converts inner value of HashMap to AttributeValue types.

### GlobalSecondaryIndex
There are fairly lots of things to set for GSI compare to other fields, this API only gives you for KeySchemaElement.
`get_global_secondary_index_key_schemas` returns BTreeMap of `{ index name: [KeySchemaElement] }` with the value given to attribute. 
By getting the Vec<KeySchemaElement> using the index_name as key of BTreeMap, you can pass the retrieved value to `set_key_schema` method of `GlobalSecondaryIndexBuilder`.

### Downsides
Macro tries to convert all possible types that leeds to extra allocation while iterating items of collection types like Vector or HashMap.
If the type is super complex and heavy, you might need benchmark before using it.

Commit message:

✅ attribute_value_to_rust_types

dynamo-derive/README.md, after:

# dynamo-derive

helper crate for [aws-sdk-dynamodb](https://docs.rs/aws-sdk-dynamodb/latest/aws_sdk_dynamodb/)

Generates conversion codes from rust primitive types to aws dynamo types.

## Examples
```rust
use crab_box_dynamo_derive::Table;

#[tokio::test]
async fn main() {
    #[derive(Table)]
    #[table(table_name = "AwesomeFooTable")]
    struct FooTable<'a> {
        #[table(range_key("N"))]
        index: u64,
        #[table(hash_key("S"))]
        #[table(global_secondary_index(index_name = "foo_index_1", hash_key("S")))]
        name: &'a str,
    }

    let config = aws_config::load_from_env().await;
    let client = Client::new(&config);

    let provisioned_throughput = ProvisionedThroughput::builder()
        .read_capacity_units(10)
        .write_capacity_units(30)
        .build()
        .unwrap();

    let idx_name = "foo_index_1";
    let gsi_key_schemas = FooTable::get_global_secondary_index_key_schemas();
    let gsi_builder = GlobalSecondaryIndex::builder()
        .index_name(idx_name)
        .set_key_schema(Some(gsi_key_schemas.get(idx_name).unwrap().clone()))
        .provisioned_throughput(provisioned_throughput.clone())
        .projection(
            Projection::builder()
                .projection_type(ProjectionType::All)
                .build(),
        )
        .build()
        .unwrap();

    // do some extra works with create_table_builder
    let create_table_builder = FooTable::create_table(client.create_table())
        .global_secondary_indexes(gsi_builder)
        .provisioned_throughput(provisioned_throughput);
    
    let res = create_table_builder.send().await;

    let foo = FooTable {
        index: 1,
        name: "foo",
    };

    // do some extra works with put_item_builder
    let put_item_builder = foo.put_item(client.put_item());
    let _ = put_item_builder.send().await;
}
```

### KeySchemas and AttributeDefinitions
Struct fields decorated with `#[table(range_key("N"))]` adds `ScalarAttributeType::N` AttributionDefinitions
as well as `KeyType::Range` KeySchema. 

Available KeySchema
- `range_key`
- `hash_key`

Available AttributeDefinition
- `"B"`
- `"N"`
- `"S"`

### AttributeValue
- `&str`, `String` -> `S`
- `bool` -> `BOOL`
- `aws_sdk_dynamodb::primitives::Blob` -> `B`
- `i8 | u8 | .. | u128` -> `N`
- for T: String | &str, `Vec<T>`, `[T; 1]`, `&[T]` -> `SS`
- for T: `i8 | u8 | .. | u128`, `Vec<T>`, `[T; 1]`, `&[T]` -> `NS`
- `Option<()>` -> `NULL`
- if T is `Vec<T>` | `[T; 1]` | `&[T]` but not `SS` nor `NS` -> `L`
- `HashMap<String, T>` -> `M`, automatically converts inner value of HashMap to AttributeValue types.

### GlobalSecondaryIndex
There are fairly lots of things to set for GSI compare to other fields, this API only gives you for KeySchemaElement.
`get_global_secondary_index_key_schemas` returns BTreeMap of `{ index name: [KeySchemaElement] }` with the value given to attribute. 
By getting the Vec<KeySchemaElement> using the index_name as key of BTreeMap, you can pass the retrieved value to `set_key_schema` method of `GlobalSecondaryIndexBuilder`.

### AttributeValue conversions
`from_attribute_value` converts `HashMap<String, AttributeValue>` to 

### Downsides
Macro tries to convert all possible types that leeds to extra allocation while iterating items of collection types like Vector or HashMap.
If the type is super complex and heavy, you might need benchmark before using it.
